# **Imagnify**

## Overview
Welcome to the AI Image SaaS Platform! This platform leverages advanced artificial intelligence to offer state-of-the-art image processing capabilities. With a wide range of features, secure payment integration, and powerful image search functionalities, our platform is designed to meet all your image editing and enhancement needs.

## Features
### Image Processing Capabilities
- **Image Restoration**: Restore old and damaged photos to their former glory with advanced AI algorithms.
- **Image Recoloring**: Bring black and white photos to life by adding realistic colors.
- **Object Removal**: Effortlessly remove unwanted objects from your images while maintaining a natural look.
- **Generative Filling**: Fill in missing parts of images with AI-generated content that blends seamlessly with the original.
- **Background Removal**: Remove backgrounds from images quickly and accurately, making it easy to create transparent or new backgrounds.

### Advanced Image Search
- **Content-Based Image Retrieval (CBIR)**: Search for images based on their content rather than metadata.
- **Similar Image Search**: Find images that are visually similar to a provided sample.
- **Tag-Based Search**: Search for images using tags generated by AI-driven image analysis.

### Secure Payment Integration
- **Payment Gateways**: Seamlessly integrate with popular payment gateways like Stripe and PayPal.
- **Subscription Plans**: Offer various subscription plans to suit different user needs, from basic to premium.
- **Secure Transactions**: Ensure all transactions are secure and encrypted, protecting user data and privacy.

## Getting Started
### Prerequisites
- **Node.js** (v14.x or higher)
- **npm** (v6.x or higher)
- **MongoDB** (for user data and image storage)

### Installation
1. **Clone the Repository**
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/ai-image-saas-platform.git
   cd ai-image-saas-platform
   ```

2. **Make an Env like the env.example **
   It looks like this :
   ```sh
    #NEXT
    NEXT_PUBLIC_SERVER_URL=https://ai-saas12.netlify.app


    #MONGODB
    MONGODB_URL=

    #CLERK
    NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_PUBLISHABLE_KEY=
    CLERK_SECRET_KEY=
    WEBHOOK_SECRET=



    NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_SIGN_IN_URL=/sign-in
    NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_SIGN_UP_URL=/sign-up
    NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_AFTER_SIGN_IN_URL=/
    NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_AFTER_SIGN_UP_URL=/

    #CLOUDINARY
    NEXT_PUBLIC_CLOUDINARY_CLOUD_NAME=
    CLOUDINARY_API_KEY=
    CLOUDINARY_API_SECRET=

    #STRIPE
    STRIPE_SECRET_KEY=
    STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRET=
    NEXT_PUBLIC_STRIPE_PUBLISHABLE_KEY=

   ```

